[ZT] Image alt text updates and removing emojis from tutorials (#6930)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/tutorials/block-football-users.md

## Enroll a device

1.  Follow the [instructions](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/) to install the WARP client depending on your device type. Cloudflare Gateway does not need a special version of the client.

1.  Once the client is installed, click the gear icon.

    ![WARP desktop popup menu.](/cloudflare-one/static/secure-web-gateway/secure-dns-devices/warp.png)

1.  Under the **Account** tab, click **Login with Cloudflare Zero Trust**.

1.  Input your [team name](/cloudflare-one/glossary/#team-name). You can find it on the Zero Trust Dashboard under **Settings > General**.

    ![Team name used to configure the WARP app on a desktop device.](/cloudflare-one/static/secure-web-gateway/secure-dns-devices/org-name.png)

The user will be prompted to login with the identity provider configured in Cloudflare Access. Once authenticated, the client will update to `Teams` mode. You can click the gear to toggle between DNS filtering or full proxy. In this use case, you must toggle to `Gateway with WARP`. These settings can be configured globally for an organization through a device management platform.

> ![Gateway with WARP toggled on in the Teams workflow.](/cloudflare-one/static/secure-web-gateway/block-football/warp-mode.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gateway with WARP enabled in the Teams workflow.](/cloudflare-one/static/secure-web-gateway/block-football/warp-mode.png)
```
